An update in the ReadMe.md to be more specific with the element composition function. (#58)
grimme-lab/MindlessGen: README.md

The active configuration can be printed using `--print-config`.

### Element composition

> Here is a little explanation for the usage of the `element composition` module. There are two different parameters to set. First which elements should occure within the generated molecule, and second is how much of each specific element should occure within the generated molecule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two related aspects of the element composition:
1. _Which elements_ should occur within the generated molecule?
2. **How many atoms** of the specified element should occur?
```

> - Example 1: C:1-3, O:1-1, H:1-*. This example would result in a Molecule with 1,2 or 3 carbon atoms, exactly 1 oxygen atom, and between 1 and a random number of hydrogen atoms.
> - Example 2: Na:10-10, In:10-10, O:20-20. This examle would result in a molecule with exactly 10 sodium atoms 10 indium atoms and 20 oxygen atoms. For this case the number of atoms (40) has to be within the min_num_atoms and max_num_atom intervall, but would always return a molecule with 40 atoms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Example 1**: `C:1-3, O:1-1, H:1-*` would result in a molecule with 1, 2, or 3 carbon atoms, exactly 1 oxygen atom, and between 1 and an undefined number of hydrogen atoms (i.e., at least 1).
- **Example 2**: `Na:10-10, In:10-10, O:20-20`. This example would result in a molecule with exactly 10 sodium atoms 10 indium atoms and 20 oxygen atoms. For a fixed element composition, the number of atoms (40) has to be within the min_num_atoms and max_num_atom interval, and will consequently always return a molecule with exactly 40 atoms.
```

Reviewer: Missed some commas between "10 sodium atoms, 10 indium atoms, and 20 oxygen atoms."
